[FRIEZA] All right, you have our
attention. What brings you here?
To finish you two, what else?
Sorry... Could you repeat that?
I am here... to finish you.
He s serious, Father...
Oh, I m terrified...
Aren t you?
If only you knew with
whom you were picking a fight
[TRUNKS]
Oh, I know.
Yeah... You re Frieza.
[TRUNKS] It really shouldn t
be that surprising...
Truth is, I ve known
about you for years.
[FRIEZA]
Aw, you flatter me.
It seems my reputation
precedes me...
even on the likes
of this worthless rock.
Well, not completely. It seems,
someone failed to tell you
that I am the strongest being
this universe has ever seen.
[TRUNKS] Seems someone failed to
tell you you re a fool.
[FRIEZA GROWLS WITH ANGER]
I grow bored of this.
Deal with him.
Right!
And the rest of you!
Take care of the
Earthlings for me.
Sir! Yessir!
Listen up...! Surrender now,
and I won t harm you
Once we start this,
there s no going back.
Yeah?!
We ll see about that kid!
Hey...! Prince Frieza told
me to flatten this little twerp.
[UNDERLING A]
His power level s only five.
What a joke.
Yeah, you re gonna be all
over the landscape. But
you won t suffer too much.
Well.
That was a bad move, kid!
Seems you re
tougher than you look.
[OPENING SONG]
[MULTIPLE SHOCKED REACTIONS]
Hey... uh... guys...?
What am I missing here?
There s... another
huge power level
that just showed up
outta nowhere...
Yeah... and some of the energy
that had been there,
it s gone now.
Like... there was a battle,
and someone lost !
[BULMA] Battle?! But
everybody s right here !
[YAMCHA] Something s going down
behind that mountain...
Something big!
Well, now...
That wasn t half bad.
[FRIEZA]
For an Earthling, that is.
Get ready... I m coming
for you two next.
[KING COLD SCOFFS]
I m quaking in my boots...
Did you hear that, my son?
This fool means to take us down!
Let him try, Father.
How is this for a final thought?
The warrior who
overestimates his abilities...
has already sealed his own fate.
You mean like you?
What was that?!
[TRUNKS] You look like you ve
seen better days, metal-face.
If you were smart,
you would ve stayed home.
But now that we re here...
we re gonna do this.
Curse your insolent tongue !
Daddy... this primate
requires discipline.
Nobody talks
to my son that way...
Go ahead. Finish him off.
[FRIEZA] Not that you
merit the attention,
but I m going to take
you down myself...
You should feel honored.
No, you re not...
You re the one who s
going down here.
It s as good as done.
As good as done?
Seems somebody s
getting ahead of himself.
[TRUNKS] Make sure to come at me
with everything you ve got...
Cause I don t plan to go
easy on you like Goku did.
What s a Goku?
He s the Super Saiyan the one
we came here to get... Really.
[FRIEZA] Oh, but of course!
You and he are in league!
I ve never met the guy...
But I m a fan of his work.
Are you...? Then you
should share his fate.
Remind me...
What was that you
were saying a minute ago?
When you told your men to
o wipe out all the Earthlings...
You said you wanted it all done
before the Super Saiyan
showed up... Right?
That is what I said...
Wipe out humanity
Although, finding myself
short of minions thanks to you,
[FRIEZA I guess I ll have roll
up my proverbial sleeves
and dish out the
carnage personally.
You don t have enough time.
Really...? Clearing out the
planet before the Super Saiyan
gets back shouldn t
take the likes of me
more than an hour or two.
[TRUNKS]
Wrong again!
Hey, Frieza... you wanna
hear a secret ?
I happen to know
that Goku isn't
not the only Super Saiyan.
Matter of fact,
you re looking at one.
[FRIEZA SHOCKED]
What?!
You almost had me there.
[FRIEZA LAUGHS]
[FRIEZA] You, sir, are a
consummate bluffer
in the face of defeat.
[FRIEZA LAUGHS]
[WIND BEGINS TO BLOW]
[FRIEZA LAUGHS, THEN STUNNED]
No ...! Not again !
What's going on ?!
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[YAMCHA] Whatever it is,
it s getting stronger!
[BULMA] I haven t felt
anything this crazy
since the big fight
a year ago!
It s gotta be Dad, right?
What?!
Back on Namek, that s
just how Dad s power felt!
But it can t be.
[VEGETA THINKS]
Another Super Saiyan ...?!
Impossible !
[VEGETA CONTINUES THOUGHT]
Kakarot and I are the only
two Saiyan warriors left!
So this is a Super Saiyan, huh?
It s those eyes !
He... has... the same eyes!
You look like you ve
seen a ghost, Frieza.
I am not scared of yoooou!
[GIANT EXPLOSION]
[YAMCHA]
It has begun!
C mon!
[VEGETA]
Get down here!
What did I say?
You think you can
fly past their Scouters...?
They d blast you
right out of the sky!
Go wherever you want,
but don t you dare fly!
Krillin...! Are you ?!
Oh Man, C mon, Gohan...
you gotta know some way to
reach your dad, right?
[GOHAN SHAKES HIS HEAD NO]
Ok, then I guess there really
is nothing we can do...
Goku s gonna get back
here and wonder why
there s nothing but
a bunch of rocks
where the Earth used to be!
[BULMA NERVOUS LAUGH]
Even if Goku s running late,
we still have Vegeta, right?
Be quiet...! Unless you
want to be out caught
here when the battle
starts, then go home--now!
You managed to find your
way back from Namek,
after all... So I guess you
can t be a total imbecile.
That s enough...!
Where do you get off,
talking to her like that?
You tell him, Yamcha!
Sure!
I mean, yeah, she can
be nosy and bossy,
but she s also really smart!
[BULMA]
What?!
I'm bossy, huh...?!
You re supposed
to be defending me!
Uh, you re bossy
in the good way!
[BULMA] Wow you sure know
how to make a girl feel special!
[GROUP LAUGHS]
C mon, guys...! It s not funny!
I guess this might
be the last time
we all have a laugh
together, huh?
[KRILLIN]
Hey wait!
[BULMA]
Huh...? Where re you going?!
Nice! Leave the
defenseless woman
out in the middle of nowhere!
Now that we saw them,
we can go back home, right?
Home?! After we
made it this far?!
They must have forgotten
who they re dealing with!
Bulma laughs in
the face of danger!
We re not talking
a giggle, here !
But a big ol laugh!
[BULMA LAUGHS]
[BULMA]
Let s go! Here I come, Vegeta!
You re not getting rid
of me so easily!
I even dealt with your stinky
clothes, remember ?!
[KING COLD] While I applaud
your zeal, my child,
don t destroy the planet
no, not just yet.
[KING COLD] You ll never get
a showdown with this
Goku if you uproot
the playing field.
I thought of that, Father...
So I didn t use full--
[FRIEZA SHOCKED]
[TRUNKS]
I m serious
You better hit me with
everything you got.
Trust me, you re gonna need to.
Now... let s get this over with.
No one tells Frieza
how to fight...!
No oooooone!
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
Fine, then Don t listen
I just told you exactly what to
do if you want to defeat me...
[TRUNKS] C mon. What part
of everything you got
didn t you understand?
You re in such a hurry to
meet your doom. So be it!
Frieza, no! The planet
can t handle that!
He said everything...!
We ll find Goku in space!
[FRIEZA LAUGHS MANIACALLY]
[KING COLD] It ll cut through
the core! Frieza! To the ship!
Wait...! What in the?!
How?!
Will you just quit?
What s wrong...?
Is that all ya got?
[MASSIVE EXPLOSION]
[KING COLD]
Excellent work, my son.
[KING COLD] That yammering fool
was all bark and no bite.
[KING COLD LAUGHS]
[FRIEZA]
It was a nice warm up before
the real Super Saiyan arrives.
Hey! Frieza!
Fool...! You missed by a mile!
[KING COLD SHOCKED]
What in the?!
Hey Krillin, look...! Up there!
That... was Frieza...!
He got rid of him...
like like he was nothing!
Yeah, right...
and in no time flat...!
He wasn t even tryin .
[BULMA] How can you tell
what s going on up there?
I must need glasses
or something
Anyhow, sounds like Goku
managed to make
it back just in time, huh?
I guess all that training
out in space
really paid off, too.
Yep...! I told ya
he d save us... Right?
Whoever that is up there,
it s not Goku.
Huh?
But he definitely
is a Super Saiyan
[GOHAN]
Wait
[KRILLIN]
Come on!
[GOHAN]
Okay!
Yeah! On my way!
[BULMA]
Oh no you don t!
I m not getting ditched
twice in one day, mister!
[BULMA] This beats the heck
out of walking! Woohoooo!
You re talented, boy...
Excellent work.
[KING COLD] You Super Saiyans
far exceed my expectations
You destroyed my son Frieza and
appear none the worse for wear.
[KING COLD]
If you re interested,
I seem to find myself
short an heir...
With your peerless strength,
you d make a
worthy addition to my clan.
Think of it...
You d be a prince,
and magnificent worlds
the universe over
would be at your disposal.
Sounds pretty lame.
You turn up your
nose at my offer...?
That s a shame...
By the way, stranger,
I m curious about your sword.
It must be quite a
piece of workmanship.
[KING COLD] Truly, for how
else could you have
defeated my son with such ease?
Might I... take a closer look?
[KING COLD]
Come, now.
You re not afraid to be without
it for a moment, are you?
[KING COLD]
Just as I thought.
This has been
forged by a master.
I m thinking, perhaps
the only reason you defeated
Frieza was because you
had this sword in hand.
That sound about right?
I don t know, you think so?
Yes
It all makes sense now
[KING COLD]
Clearly
Without this sword in your
possession... you re nothing.
Well, you re wrong--
but you probably
figured that one out.
Wait! No! Mercy--!
Please...! Spare me...! Mercy!
[KING COLD]
I surrender!
If you let me go...
I ll give you one
of my finest planets!
No, wait! I ll give you an
entire solar system!
[KING COLD] I ll change my
wicked ways! I give you my word!
[KING COLD SCREAMS]
[KRILLIN] That...
really happened, right...?
Who is this guy ?!
Hey, I m heading over to where
Goku s gonna land
in a little bit!
You guys can
come if you want to!
[COLLECTIVE GROUP]
Huh?!
Where he ll... land...?
How come this guy
knows about my dad?
[TRUNKS]
It s this way.
Yeah, I can pretty much show you
exactly where he s
going to touch down.
[COLLECTIVE GROUP]
Huh?!
[PICCOLO THINKS
What game is this kid playing?
[VEGETA THINKS] This whelp calls
himself a Super Saiyan...?
Preposterous...!
Myself, Kakarot, and Kakarot s
son are all that remain!
So anyway, Goku will be here
about three hours from now.
Let s get a move on.
[GOHAN]
If he knows where Dad s
showing up,
then I m going with him!
[KRILLIN]
Easy there, Gohan!
I mean look...
we don t know the
first thing about this guy!
Count me in.
He just saved us
all from Frieza, right...?
And now he s offered
to take us to Goku...
Seems like a
decent enough kid to me.
Besides, I am curious.
He doesn t really know where
Goku s gonna be, does he?
Don t you wonder where
they met each other...?
Small world, huh?
I ll go, as well...
if only to unmask him
as a fraud that is!
[KRILLIN] Hold on a second!
Let s not rush into this !
H-Hey, wait up!
[NARRATOR] Who is this
amazingly powerful young man?
Find out next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
[GOKU]
Hey! It s me, Goku!
Uh, guys? I m happy
to see you and all,
but how d you know where
I was going to land just now?
[TRUNKS]
Goku, I ve traveled a long
way to tell you something...
Three years from now,
another new enemy will appear--
your most powerful yet!
[GOKU] Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Huuuuh?! Who d you
say your mom is?!
You've gotta be kidding me!